Add docs for custom provider fields and query parameters (#1164)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-python-tools: docs/getting_started/setting_up_an_api.md

Once the prefix has been set, custom fields can be listed by endpoint in the [`provider_fields`][optimade.server.config.ServerConfig.provider_fields] configuration option.
Filters that use the prefixed form of these fields will then be passed through to the underlying database without the prefix, and then the prefix will be reinstated in the response.

!!! example

>     Example JSON config file fragment for adding two fields to each of the `structures` and `references` endpoints, that will be served as, e.g., `_exmpl_cell_volume` if the `provider.prefix` is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Example JSON config file fragment for adding two fields to each of the `structures` and `references` endpoints, that will be served as, e.g., `_exmpl_cell_volume` if the `provider.prefix` is set to 'exmpl'.
```
This seemed a bit clearer to me.

Currently, the reference server is not flexible enough to use custom response classes via configuration only (there is an open issue tracking this [#929](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/optimade-python-tools/issues/929)), so instead the code will need to be forked and modified for your implementation.

!!! note
    A similar procedure can be followed for the URL query parameter classes [`EntryListingQueryParams`][optimade.server.query_params.EntryListingQueryParams] and [`SingleEntryQueryParams`][optimade.server.query_params.SingleEntryQueryParams] so that custom query parameters can be defined for your API.

>     The individual API routes then need to be adjusted to use the custom query parameter classes.

Reviewer: I am not entirely sure whether you meant "routes" or "routers" here in line 133.

Author: I think routes makes sense, could be either though!
